.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2003, 2004 The University of Wroclaw.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\"    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"    3. The name of the University may not be used to endorse or promote
.\"       products derived from this software without specific prior
.\"       written permission.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE UNIVERSITY ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN
.\" NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
.\" SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
.\" TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
.\" PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
.\" NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
.\" SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

.TH NCC 1 "January 23, 2004"

.SH NAME
ncc \- Nemerle Compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ncc
.RI [options]
.RI [files]
.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Nemerle is a new programming language with strong polymorphic typing
targeted to .NET platform.

Warning: this documentation is outdated. Please use ncc --help for an up to date
list of options.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-boot, \-self
Enables features allowed only when compiling compiler.
.TP
.B \-ignore-confusion
Output stack trace even when seen errors.
.TP
.B \-no-aliases
Do not load aliases.n.
.TP
.B \-no-tail-call-opt
Disable tail call optimization.
.TP
.B \-no-self-tail-call-opt
Disable self tail call optimization.
.TP
.B \-out:FILE
Names the output file to be generated.
.TP
.B \-q, \-no-progress-bar
Disable progress bar.
.TP
.B \-r, \-ref, \-reference:FILE
Link against specified assembly.
.TP
.B \-tdll, \-target-library
Instructs compiler to build a library.
.TP
.B \-texe, \-target-exe
Instructs compiler to build an executable file.
.TP
.B \-V, \-version
Shows version, and exit.
.TP
.B \-x, \-xml
Output XML representation of AST.

.SH AUTHORS
Nemerle compiler was written by Michal Moskal, Pawel Olszta, and Kamil
Skalski at University of Wroclaw.

.SH BUGS
You can file bug reports in our bug tracking system:
http://nemerle.org/bugs

.SH MAILING LISTS
Visit http://nemerle.org/mailman/listinfo for details.
